I got some stuff I need to get off my
chest the XP how it was in the wall
what other soldiers Texas grown for own
on a career day Iraq veteran gamer and
you know how poor I am well not ordered
Domino's the fucking spiders come out
and try to eat look at that my fucker
just hopped up on my cheesy bread like
he paid for the shit hit pay for it
you get throw in on this man I can't
feed eight legs motherfucker hey all
shit he's on my bed somewhere now oh
fuck I hit him where'd he go I'm asleep
and he's gonna come get me because I
pissed them off I don't fuck with
spiders I got a ratna phobia
even though that spider was like a
centimeter I don't fuck with spiders
where'd you go you little bastard now I
know you're a bastard because your
fucking dad ain't feeding you obviously
you ain't got a dad to come feed you so
you come and try to take my
motherfucking food that ain't cool you
better not be in my dessert either you
can you can get a bite on my cheesy
bread but you can't touch my dessert
where you at we're gonna find them I'm a
fucking shooting
hi I found note just a leaf or a feather
from a comforter hold up I know how to
solve this bitch you fucking with my
cheesy bread Oh
take that what's your eight legs gonna
do about that now bitch
I
we're cool
he's away from my food and yes that all
just happened while was live-streaming
how'd y'all like that that was not
planned at all
if you ever want to come out to my live
streams I live stream every Saturday at
6 p.m. Central Time if you're not in
Central Time then I don't know what
fucking time it is oh shit
God now I'm jumpy
but my justin.tv is justin.tv backward
slash forward slash whatever slash that
is Texas grown for own on go follow me
we're going to be doing a lot of streams
in the future but every Saturday for
sure like I said anyways thought spiders
these bitches